Fixes GitHub issue #33704 - Static Constructor call guarantees (#37691)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/static-constructors.md

1. *Base static constructors run*. Any static constructors, starting with <xref:System.Object.%23ctor%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> through each base class to the direct base class.
1. *The static constructor runs*. The static constructor for the type runs.

> A [module initializer](../../language-reference/attributes/general.md#moduleinitializer-attribute) can be an alternative to a static constructor. For more information, see the [specification for module initializers](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/main/docs/design/specs/Ecma-335-Augments.md#module-initializer).

Reviewer: Let's link to the feature spec instead of the runtime repo:

```suggestion
A [module initializer](../../language-reference/attributes/general.md#moduleinitializer-attribute) can be an alternative to a static constructor. For more information, see the [specification for module initializers](~/_csharplang/proposals/csharp-9.0/module-initializers.md).
```
